# Data Processing Project\n\nThis repository contains a simple data processing pipeline, including a Python script, its associated data, a GitHub Actions workflow for automation, and a basic HTML page to serve as a front-end for the results.\n\n## Table of Contents\n\n- [Project Overview](#project-overview)\n- [Project Structure](#project-structure)\n- [Setup and Local Execution](#setup-and-local-execution)\n- [Data (`data.csv`)](#data-datacsv)\n- [Processing Script (`execute.py`)](#processing-script-executepy)\n- [CI/CD Pipeline (`.github/workflows/ci.yml`)](#cicd-pipeline-githubworkflowsciyaml)\n- [Accessing Results (GitHub Pages)](#accessing-results-github-pages)\n- [License](#license)\n\n## Project Overview\n\nThe core of this project is to process tabular data from an Excel file (`data.xlsx`), convert it to CSV (`data.csv`), and then use a Python script (`execute.py`) to extract meaningful insights. These insights are then published as a JSON file (`result.json`) via GitHub Pages using a CI/CD workflow, allowing for easy access and integration.\n\n## Project Structure\n\nThe repository is expected to have the following structure:\n\n```\n.\n├── .github/\n│   └── workflows/\n│       └── ci.yml             # GitHub Actions workflow for CI/CD\n├── data.csv                   # Converted data from data.xlsx\n├── execute.py                 # Python script for data processing\n├── index.html                 # Responsive HTML frontend\n└── README.md                  # This README file\n└── LICENSE                    # MIT License\n```\n\n## Setup and Local Execution\n\nTo run the `execute.py` script locally, ensure you have Python 3.11+ installed.\n\n1.  **Clone the repository:**\n    ```bash\n    git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo.git\n    cd your-repo\n    ```\n\n2.  **Install dependencies:**\n    It's recommended to use a virtual environment.\n    ```bash\n    python -m venv venv\n    source venv/bin/activate # On Windows: .\venv\Scripts\activate\n    pip install pandas==2.3 ruff\n    ```\n\n3.  **Run the script:**\n    ```bash\n    python execute.py > result.json\n    ```\n    This will generate a `result.json` file in your current directory.\n\n4.  **Run Ruff Linter:**\n    ```bash\n    ruff check .\n    ```\n\n## Data (`data.csv`)\n\nThe `data.csv` file is a comma-separated values file, converted from the original `data.xlsx`. It contains sample data that the `execute.py` script processes. A sample structure might include columns like `ID`, `Category`, and `Value`.\n\n## Processing Script (`execute.py`)\n\nThe `execute.py` script is written in Python and uses the `pandas` library to perform data analysis. It:\n\n-   Reads `data.csv`.\n-   Ensures the 'Value' column exists and converts it to a numeric type, handling non-numeric entries gracefully.\n-   Calculates the sum, average, and count of records for the 'Value' column.\n-   Outputs the results as a JSON object to standard output, which is then redirected to `result.json`.\n\nThe script has been reviewed and fixed to ensure robustness, particularly in handling missing files or non-numeric data entries, and is designed to run efficiently with Python 3.11+ and Pandas 2.3.\n\n## CI/CD Pipeline (`.github/workflows/ci.yml`)\n\nA GitHub Actions workflow is configured to automate the following steps on every `push` to the `main` branch:\n\n1.  **Checkout Code**: Retrieves the repository content.\n2.  **Setup Python**: Configures Python 3.11 environment.\n3.  **Install Dependencies**: Installs `pandas` (version 2.3) and `ruff`.\n4.  **Run Ruff Linter**: Checks the Python code for style and common errors, reporting results in the CI log.\n5.  **Execute Script**: Runs `python execute.py > result.json` to generate the output.\n6.  **Publish to GitHub Pages**: The generated `result.json` is deployed as a GitHub Pages artifact.\n\n## Accessing Results (GitHub Pages)\n\nThe `result.json` file, generated by the CI/CD pipeline, is published to GitHub Pages. Once the workflow completes successfully, you can access the latest `result.json` at:\n\n`https://your-username.github.io/your-repo/result.json`\n\n(Remember to replace `your-username` and `your-repo` with your actual GitHub username and repository name.)\n\nThe `index.html` file provides a simple web interface and direct link to this result.\n\n## License\n\nThis project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.